(This file and the others in the directory were created on a Macintosh;
to read them you need a text editor that can handle Mac-format text files)

This directory contains the data and programs that generate all the results 
in the papers "The Epidemiology of Macroeconomic Expectations" and 
"Macroeconomic Expectations of Households and Professional Forecasters" by 
Christopher D. Carroll.

Most tables in the papers are generated by a RATS program in this directory.  
The RATS programs generally read in data from the dataset complex_q.rat, 
which is contained in the subdirectory Data.

complex_q.rat in turn is generated by a RATS program called 
Make_Combined_Dataset_RATS.pgm; this program in turn reads in a variety of 
subprograms and the various pieces of data that are combined to make the 
entire dataset.  The rest of the programs are self-documenting.

If you are having trouble with making any of these programs work properly, 
the problem is probably due to the fact that all of these files were 
created on a Macintosh.  You may need to convert the files (especiallly 
text files) from Mac to PC format.  If you are still having problems you 
can contact the author.

QJE paper tables are generated as follows:

	Table I		piforc.pgm
	Table II 	granger.pgm
	Table III	esteqn.pgm
	Table IV	erronnews.pgm
	Table V		newslam.pgm

SFI paper tables are generated as follows:

	Table 1		adfpi.pgm
	Table 2		esteqn_sfi.pgm
	Table 3		estonsim.pgm
	Table 4		estran.pgm
	Table 5		estnbr.pgm


QJE paper figures are generated by:

	inflfigs.pgm

SFI paper figures are generated by:

	estonsim.pgm


The subdirectory "Data" contains the constituent subprograms, data sources,
and simulation results which the programs in the main directory call upon
to produce the results.

The empirical datasets are constructed from several separate individual
sources, which are compiled into a single central datset by the RATS
program Make_Combined_Dataset_Rats.pgm

The simulation results for the "Epidemiology" paper were created by the set
of programs in the JavaSims directory, which were written in CodeWarrior
for the Macintosh (though they have been compiled on both Macs and PC's). 
The output from the Java simulations must be cppied to the Data directory
for use as input for the table- and figure-generating programs.




